Downloaded from
YTS.MX
Hello. everybody it'’s Don Toliver.
I'm here at the Lovesick
Diner and Grill with my
colleagues here.
Official YIFY movies site:
YTS.MX
I know you want a burger.
I know you want a fry. Come on down.
Bring your girlfriend. Bring
your wife.
God damn it. Bring both of them.
Come have a good old time at
the Diner.
Baby you can do it.
Take your time. Do it right.
You can do it. baby.
Do it tonight.
You can't take me to your crib
You can ride it all night
You can do it. baby.
Do it to-
Take me to your crib and we can
party all night
Just do it baby.
just do it tonight
Take me to your crib and we can
party all night
Just do it baby.
Just do it tonight
And I ain'’t know why I fuck
with you-
Gonna end up falling in love
with you
It'’s the type of shit you
expose me to
Then I pulled up side by side
in my Mercedes coupe
Ain'’t nobody got you like I got you
We move higher and higher. you
see what really matters
Ain'’t nobody got you like I got you
I been touching the bag and
climbing the ladder
Baby. you can do it
Take your time. Do it right.
You can do it. baby.
Do it tonight.
You can take me to your crib
You can ride it all night
You can do it. baby
Do it tonight
And I ain'’t know why I fuck
with you
Gonna end falling in love with you
It'’s the type of shit you
expose me to
Then I pulled up side by side
in my Mercedes coupe
A wise man once said. falling
in love
is the one fall you don'’t get
up from
Guess we'’re lovesick.
It'’s a love letter. it'’s some
things that I do. but I won'’t
say I do
You should get to know me better
Lovesick Diner. Hello?
Working on Christmas Don?
Yeah. me too.
Last night got a little crazy. huh?
Leave them be.
Buss it open show me baby-
I wanna leave the club right
now!
Tell your n#*#*#*#*#*s in the cut.
to pipe down.
She a freak when you not around
Pulled up tipsy. oh yeah
Ain'’t gotta take to the head
She doing whatever to get in my bed
I be. like. here we go again...
I wanna leave the club right now
- Got that?
- Beat his ass. yeah fuck him up
Get up
What else you got to say?
What does it mean?
That you are unlucky in love.
I love you. but I can hate you
at the same time
wedding rings.
we got them at the same time.
I guess it's a honeymoon
hello hello. clique clique
OK let'’s go. play your role
You'’re moving how I'’m moving if
i say so
I might pull up on my baby.
baby take notes
Rolling through the ocean in a
white boat
Pull up and salute in a white ghost
What else does it say?
Fucking finally. that's the exchange.
Now. let's hope this mope
leads us straight to Don
Ridin'’. kept it cooling. I don
kept it way too real
Walking out the house I caught
'‘em wiping on the grill.
finna stop
I'’m off a bean
like what the fuck
she holla back
what you mean
Is that him?
Nah. it'’s just some cook.
Sure as shit he's in there.
How many fucking trash bags
can you fucking bring out
She just wanna go dancing...
Baby. tell me what you'’re hoping
And leave the door wide open
Lovesick Diner. Hello?
Hi. Is Don there?
Who is this again?
Oh. don't play dumb. You know
who this is?
I'm not playing. bitch.
Put him on the phone.
I'm sorry. You just missed him.
Look. Imma walk my ass over
there. did you not-
Hello.
Bitch. Hello?
There you are.
What. you hiding from me or
something?
Let me see. Stop
Let me look.
Now you want to look out for me?
I'm just looking.
I told you. I can't be put on a leash.
This is gonna get me killed one day
but I know
I could have had him
There'’s a girl outside.
The one with the great ass.
Of course I'’d rather be there
I love your family.
No. it's just in this case.
we have to wait for the money.
Just- That's it.
And we just have to find out
where the money's going. No.
- It'’s not like that hon.
- Oh. I wouldn't mind getting
that for Christmas.
What? No. I
Honey. I don't know what he's
talking about.
No- okay.
I'm going to come home right now.
Okay? I'm gonna come home right now.
- Damn it.
- I'm going to be right there.
Okay?
I love you boo boo. All right
tin tin.
Hello?
Fucking hung up on me.
What the fuck is wrong with you?
How's that my fault?
What you giving me a hard time
for. - fucking shut up
Don ain'’t here
Good. Cause we're here to see you.
Woah. looks like someone's
feeling the Christmas spirit.
We know you're mad at him.
I mean. shit.
If I treated my wife like he
treats you.
He's a dog
but I'm not a rat.
Well. we just thought that
maybe you'd like the chance to
hurt him.
Hmm. I can do that my own way.
Don'’t I make you feel special?
Thanks for your help.
Low key gotta be gotta be right
there for your loving
I'’m hoping I am what you seek
Hold on. he come with that. Ooh-
Ooh here he come
Quick little jab to the head
Oh. come on. man.
See. you really got to be on
that right?
That boy is surgical with it
Champ is getting old. man.
Still the champ
Yeah.
Ooh- Ooh-
a king on his own.
A king only sits on his throne
for so long
Yeah. well. I'm out
I hope it's good. man.
What the hell is this?
This shit it's slippier than
a pimp's pocketbook. man.
Yeah. What'’s going on here?
I ordered a soft steak. This is
a pet rock
Meat'’s tougher than a midget
trying a slam dunk.
Who the hell made this?
Man. I thought Rick James had
some slick hair
Look at all of grease on this
damn bacon. man.
Who's the cook around here?
Where they get him from? The
penitentiary?
My God man.
it ain't like it looked on the
picture. man.
I swear to God. man.
Like a three stars porta potty
establishmen. I'’m scared
- Who'’s the new girl?
- God. man. this is. tell you one
thing man
This meat is tougher than a fat
drawer trying to fit to a skinny
door. man.
I ain'’t never going to eat at
this damn place again.
They get down...
I just wanna pick you up.
Can it go down?
Hit you in the backseat.
You're gonna get me in trouble.
Trouble with who?
You know. I want it
I can fuck you in the backseat.
backseat. backseat
you know you got it
Oh. is it something that I need
to know?
We been sipping. screwing.
moving slow...
Shawty in here. calling my name...
I can fuck you in the
backseat
I can fuck you in the backseat
I can fuck you in the backseat.
backseat. backseat
For some time.
Is she falling. is she falling
in love?
Hey. baby.
you get my message?
If I had...
Put him on the phone.
You messed with the wrong one
today. Don.
Go ahead with your bitch.
Keep it for us...
I'’m tired baby!
Fuck you Don
Hello it'’s Don here
at the Lovesick Diner and Grill.
With my colleagues.
I know you wanna come and get a burger.
I know you wanna come and get a
fry. Come on down.
Bring your wife. bring your
girlfriend. It's all here.
Have a good time at the Lovesick
Diner and Grill. baby.
Let's go.
If I had...
Your love...
In my hands...
Keep it for us...
know what I do